#summary Shaun's Wiki Page!

Shaun Pickford's Wiki Page!

==Week 1:==

===Completed Tasks:===
  * Created New Puzzle (Tie Fighter!) <br />
  * Code Restructuring Error Fixes (Obvious and Logical) <br />
  * Web Applet (>:-|) <br />
  * Code Output Window <br />
  * Create Website Elements <br />
  * Color Picker <br />
  * Color Display Box <br />
===Hours Worked:===
  * ~45

_See Weekly Summary for complete weekly report_ <br />
<a href="http://webpages.uncc.edu/~sgpickfo/week1report.pdf" target="_blank">Week 1 Summary (PDF Power Point)</a>

==Week 2:==

===Planned Work:===
  * Hint System
  * Storage of hints (as database or text file?)
  * Timer
  * Complete Web Applet
  * Unity Tutorials

===Completed Work:===
  * Hint System (with the exception of adding the hints to the database...Acey got these to me Friday so I will add them in and fully complete the ticket.
  * Timer System...completely implemented with a boolean to toggle on and off
  * Created data table to store hints
  * Web Applet is officially completed!!
  * Added code on webpage to send parameters to the web applet...will expand these parameters as we build up the site around the applet...as of right now, you can enter your name in the webpage and it will send it to the game. We plan to pull the users high scores and custom puzzles from a database and send them to the applet in the future!
  * See the applet and it passing your name parameter at http://www.unccmakesgames.com/games/BeadLoomGame/index.php 
  * Had a remote player (Katie) play test the game and report bugs to us that we're going to fix
  * Basic Unity tutorials assigned to us by Drew and Acey

===Issues Encountered:===
  * Problems with web applet...had to move all resources to a web location and change the the code in the game to pull down the resources via URL's instead of direct access. However, once this was done, the applet worked and we did not need to install any security policies as I originally thought last week.
  * Learning to digitally sign .jar files for deployment online. They have to be signed every time we make a new .jar file, which can be multiple times a day. We've decided to update the applet once a week.

===Resources Used:===
  * http://java.sun.com/docs/books/tutorial/deployment/jar/signing.html
  * http://www.developer.com/java/other/article.php/3303561/Creating-a-Trusted-Applet-with-Local-File-System-Access-Rights.htm

===What I Learned: ===
  * How to PROPERLY make web applets and deploy them (a HUGE plus for me...I've wanted to know to do this for quite some time and will definitely use them in the future).
  * Unity!! Its awesome! I love that you can simply write script for an object to manipulate its actions. Next week I will be completing the advanced tutorials.